Improvements IO-API-for-Modules doc (fixes #3654) (#5263)
MovingBlocks/Terasology: docs/IO-API-for-Modules.md

I/O API for Modules
=================

> To protect the user's system, you cannot use `java.io.File` directly, however a bunch of modules may need access to files. Finally, this feature allow modules to have **limited** access to files. Basically, there are two file operations allowed, `readFile` and `writeFile`, both of them works under the `Terasology/sandbox` directory. This does not allow to create directories. Take a look on the instructions bellow to learn how to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To protect the user's system, you cannot use `java.io.File` directly, however a bunch of modules may need access to files. Finally, this feature allow modules to have **limited** access to files. Basically, there are two file operations allowed, `readFile` and `writeFile`, both of them works under the `Terasology/sandbox` directory. This does not allow you to create directories. Take a look on the instructions bellow to learn how to use them.
```

sandboxFileManager.writeFile("file.txt", consumer);
```

> Finally, if you wrote any file, you can see them in `Terasology/sandbox` directory. :smiley: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, if you wrote any files, you can find them in the `Terasology/sandbox` directory. :smiley: 
```
